[docs] Divider middle prop migration (#36840)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/material/migration/migration-v4/v5-component-changes.md

 }
```

### Support "middle" variant with "vertical" orientation

> In the v4, the `orientation` prop with "vertical" and the `variant` prop with "middle" was adding a margin-left and margin-right of `16px` in the component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the v4, using `orientation="vertical"` and `variant="middle"` was adding a left and right margins of `16px` in the component.
```
